[NARRATOR] Last
Dragon Ball Z Kai...
The Namekians fought to
stop Frieza's henchmen
from ransacking their village.
But Frieza remained
unimpressed.
Realizing a direct
battle could not be won,
the Village Elder attempted
to thwart Frieza's efforts
by destroying his Scouters--
to disastrous results.
[DODORIA] Every last one
of 'em's gonna die!!!
[NARRATOR]
Dodoria attacks...! Now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] "Dodoria's
Terrifying Chase!
A Truth Revealed to Vegeta!"
[DODORIA]
Rrrr... Yaaarrrgh!
[NAMEKIAN C] Elder!
[FRIEZA] Dodoria, Stop!
Wait a moment!
[FRIEZA]
The old one can wait...
See to the other three first.
[DODORIA]
Yaaaarrrggh!
Heh heh heh heh...
[DODORIA] I almost wish
there were more of you
so I'd have a chance
to break a sweat.
[NAMEKIAN C] Ridiculous...!
There's no way you could
take on three of us at once!
[DODORIA] You
obviously have no idea
what you're talking about...
I'd start running
if I were you.
[NAMEKIAN C] No!
[DODORIA]
Heh heh heh heh...
[NAMEKIAN D] No!
[KRILLIN] No use... That's not
even gonna slow him down...!
They're screwed.
[FRIEZA] Well, well...
I admire your enthusiasm,
but you must realize by now
that even the strongest
among you is no match for us.
[FRIEZA] In any
case, come back
down here so we can proceed.
[FRIEZA] There...
It's not so hard to
be obedient, now is it?
[FRIEZA] And while I'm sure
you've learned your lesson...
I'd like an apology...
Why don't you bring
me your Dragon Ball
and we'll forget
the whole thing?
[ELDER] Very well...
You leave me no choice...
But you have to promise me
that you won't
harm the children!
[FRIEZA] I'm glad you're
finally listening to reason.
[GOHAN]
Th-Those monsters...!
[KRILLIN] Hey,
settle down, okay...?
Don't you start getting
all heroic on me...
Those guys are way
too powerful for us
and you know it!
[ELDER]
There...
You have our
village's Dragon Ball,
so please be on your way!
[FRIEZA]
Bring it to me.
[FRIEZA] Now if you
just tell us exactly where
to find the other two
Dragon Balls on this planet,
we'll be on our way.
[ELDER] Don't be absurd...!
If you think
I'm going to tell you
where there are
more Namekians for you
to torture then you
are sadly mistaken!
Now... Keep
your promise...
You have our Dragon
Ball, so leave us alone!
[FRIEZA] Just like the
others... Uncooperative...
Always trying to protect
your fellow Namekians,
with no regard at all
for what I might want.
[FRIEZA] And for being
an ungracious host...
you'll will die
with the children.
[ELDER] But you
gave your word!
[EDLER]
You promised me
you'd leave the
children alone...!
You already have
the Dragon Ball,
what good will it
do to hurt them?
[FRIEZA]
None...
But unless I have all
seven of the Dragon Balls,
I may as well not
have any of them.
[FRIEZA] And since you
decided to destroy our Scouters,
we have no way of locating
the Balls ourselves.
Therefore, it's up to
you to help us find them.
[ELDER]
I already told you...
I'll die before I'll help
you terrorize my people.
[FRIEZA] That's
certainly an option...
but then who would look
after the children...?
Well, if you'd rather die
than help, I can oblige.
[ELDER]
What?
[FRIEZA] Dodoria... Please
dispose of our little friend.
[KRILLIN] Wait...
those dirty!
[ELDER] It isn't
safe for you here...!
Hurry, children! Run!
[DENDE]
Yes, Elder!
[ELDER] I don't
think you realize
what Namekians
are capable of!
[crash]
[DENDE]
Cargot!
[KRILLIN]
No... Gohan!
[KRILLIN] There's
nothing we can do...!
We wouldn't
stand a chance
if they found
out we were here!
[DENDE] Cargot
don't be dead...
please don't be dead.
[DODORIA]
Hahahahaha!!
[snap]
[gasp]
[thud]
[DODORIA] Is that all
you're 'capable of'...?
I'm disappointed...
That was weak.
Hahahaha!!
[DODORIA] Judging
by your size...
You shouldn't be
too much trouble.
[DODORIA] Let's just
get it over with.
[GOHAN]
Yaaaaahh!!
Stop it!
[DODORIA]
What the...?
Who was that...?
Come out!
[crash]
[GOHAN] That's what
you get...! Jerk!
[DODORIA] Hey...! Who
the heck are you... kid?
[KRILLIN]
Darn it, Gohan!
[GOHAN] Leave him
alone...! Now...!
Pick on someone
your own size!
[DODORIA]
Is that right?
[GOHAN]
Krillin, there you are!
[KRILLIN] Are you trying
to get us both killed...?!
'cause that's sure
what it looks like...!
Get out of here!
[KRILLIN]
Now, Gohan!
[GOHAN]
Right!
[FRIEZA] Why are you
still sitting there...?!
Bring them to
me, immediately!
[KRILLIN] Let's get
as far away as we can.
It's all over if
they catch up to us!
[GOHAN]
Got it!
[DODORIA] Idiots...
Run all you want,
but you'll never
get away from me!
[KRILLIN]
No good...!
He's already on top of us...!
He's just too fast!
[KRILLIN]
Gohan!
No...! Damn it!
[DENDE]
Ahh!!
[KRILLIN]
Not gonna make it!
[KRILLIN] Gohan, thanks
for the help, but move...!
He's right behind me!
Hurry!
[DODORIA]
Well now...!
You're a lot more slippery
than I gave ya credit for!
[GOHAN] He's
getting closer...!
We're gonna have to
stop and fight him!
[KRILLIN]
You crazy...!
We're only alive because
he hasn't caught us yet...!
Keep flying or all
three of us are goners!
[KRILLIN] Hey...!
I have an idea!
[KRILLIN]
Okay...
We'll never be able to beat
this guy in a fair fight...
But we're not beat yet...
I'm gonna try something,
but whatever you do,
don't look at me!
[GOHAN]
'Kay, Krillin!
[KRILLIN] Try
this on for size!
[KRILLIN]
Taio Ken!
[DODORIA] My eyes!
I can't see!
[KRILLIN] Hey,
I did it...!
I can't believe
that actually worked!
Come on, Gohan...!
Hide while you can!
[GOHAN]
Right!
[DODORIA] Where the heck
did those little punks go?
[DODORIA]
Show yourselves!
[KRILLIN] As long as we
keep our energy suppressed,
we should be safe here...
It's a good thing
that village elder
destroyed the
Scouters when he did.
Cagey old guy really
saved our butts, y'know?
Those things can detect
the smallest bit of power.
Even the Namekian kid.
[DODORIA]
Agh...!
How am I supposed to find
these puny little kids...?
Come on out, you
stinking punks!
[GOHAN]
Check it out...!
Looks like he's
giving up and leaving!
[KRILLIN] Hmmm...
[DODORIA] I'll just
level the place.
[DODORIA] There... That
oughtta do it... See...?
That's what you get for
messing with Dodoria!
[DODORIA] Frieza did say to
bring 'em back to him but...
what was I supposed to do...?
I wish I'd found out
who they were, though...
Heh... They had
some fight in 'em.
[DODORIA] Guess it
doesn't matter now...
Whoever they were,
I have a feeling
they won't be
bothering us anymore.
[GOHAN]
We're safe.
[KRILLIN] That
was a close one...
Now let's head back and
see if we can find Bulma.
[KRILLIN] Hey... So...
uh, think you can fly?
[DENDE]
I think so.
[DENDE] Sir... Thank
you for putting yourself
in danger to
try to save me.
[KRILLIN]
Well... actually,
you should be
thanking Gohan.
I was too scared to help,
but he jumped right in.
[GOHAN]
Well... Maybe...
But I never could've
pulled it off by myself...
You really came
through for us, Krillin!
[KRILLIN]
Yeah, well...
The important thing is,
is that we're all still here...
You should probably stick
with us for a little while.
What do ya say?
[DENDE]
You mean...?
Okay.
[BULMA]
I was right, Dad.
Dragon Balls are
on Planet Namek!
The problem is
those big alien jerks
already found
most of them,
which means they've
got them heavily guarded,
which means this whole trip
is completely pointless!
What am I even doing here?
What use is a
delicate flower like me
on a brutal alien
death-scape like this, right?
[BULMA] Are you even
listening...? Answer me!
[BRIEFS] I'm listening.
I'm listening!
'Delicate flower,'
absolutely... Go on.
[BULMA]
Anyways...
All I'm saying is things
here couldn't get much worse.
[BULMA] And unless I can
get the spaceship fixed,
we can't come home!
[BRIEFS] You wanna
come home already?
But why...?
It took you a whole
month to get there.
And besides...
Goku is on his way.
He just left here
heading in your direction.
[BULMA] You're kidding...!
Goku's coming to Namek...?
Well why didn't
you say so?
That's great...!
That's incredible...!
That's awesome!
[BRIEFS] Gee, you
never get this excited
when I come to visit.
Yes, he's scheduled to
arrive six days from now.
[BULMA] We're saved!
[BRIEFS]
Bulma...? Hello?
[DODORIA] Damn...
This is impossible...
I don't know how
we're ever going to find
the other two Dragon Balls
without our Scouters.
[DODORIA] Well... at least
it's not that big of a planet.
Not many places to--
[thud]
[splash]
[VEGETA]
Ha ha ha ha...
[DODORIA] Vegeta...!
What do you want?
[VEGETA]
Dodoria...
What kind of a greeting
is that for an old friend?
[DODORIA] Do you
really think you can
just blindside me like
that and get away with it?
[VEGETA] And what
will you do...?
You're all alone now...
not hanging around with
Frieza and Zarbon, huh?
[VEGETA]
How unfortunate!
After all...
Without Frieza
here to intervene,
getting rid of
you should be easy.
[DODORIA]
What...?
You think you
can take me...?
Not in a million lifetimes,
you little Saiyan freak!
[DODORIA]
Come on...
I don't think you really
want to challenge me...
And, believe it or not,
I don't wanna fight you...
So why don't you just
give me that Scouter
and we can both
walk away? Deal?
[VEGETA]
I see...
I knew something
must have gone wrong
when I heard your audio
feeds go to static...
You went and let them
destroy your
Scouters, didn't you?
[VEGETA]
Perfect...
That assures that I'll have
the element of surprise.
[DODORIA] You...
Now listen--!
[VEGETA] A trip
back to Planet Frieza
for more Scouters
would cost several days.
[VEGETA]
Here... Want this?
[DODORIA] Smartest
thing you've done yet.
It's about time you
showed me a little respect.
[DODORIA] I was
gonna take it anyway,
but since
you offered,
I might have to go
easy on you after all.
[crunch]
[DODORIA] Vegeta...
How... how could you?
[DODORIA]
What'd you wanna go
and break the thing for?
[VEGETA]
Because it was worth
so much more to you
than it was to me.
[DODORIA]
What...? No way...!
Without that thing
beepin' at you,
you can't tell
where Frieza
or the Dragon Balls
are any more than I can!
[VEGETA] I'm afraid
you're wrong...
During my
time on Earth,
I was lucky enough to
pick up a few new tricks,
like how to detect
an opponent's energy
and location without
having to resort to gadgets.
Yes...
I first saw
it demonstrated
by one of the
planet's inhabitants...
who happened to
be another Saiyan.
[VEGETA] And if he could
do it, so could I, right?
[VEGETA] It's really a
pretty simple technique
once you get
the hang of it...
But it doesn't
require much strength,
and I know how
you and Frieza
are only interested
in flexing your muscles.
[VEGETA]
Then again...
There's nothing wrong with
an occasional show of force.
[DODORIA]
Hey, I get it...
Those two little
runts I was chasing
were Earthlings,
weren't they?!
[VEGETA]
What did you say?
[DODORIA] I'm right,
aren't I...?
You and them are
working together!
[VEGETA] You must
be mistaken...
Even if the
earthlings found a way
to make it all the
way to Planet Namek...
I'd have sensed
their presence...
And believe me,
when that day comes,
I'll make them pay!
[DODORIA] I don't care about
your stupid vendetta...!
If you don't have
another Scouter on you,
you're just wasting my time!
[DODORIA] Now get lost...
Or you're dead!
[DODORIA] This is a once-in-
a-lifetime opportunity...
so take it...!
Get outta here!
[VEGETA] That's
generous of you...
Or are you just
scared to attack me?
[VEGETA] Yes...
That must be it.
[VEGETA] When you
overheard my battle with Cui,
you realized that I'm
considerably stronger
than I was before.
And now you're terrified!
[VEGETA] You saw it on
your Scouter, didn't you?
[VEGETA] You're weak
compared to me.
[DODORIA]
No...
There's no way that power
reading was accurate...!
You can't be that strong!
[DODORIA] And
I'll prove it!!...!
[VEGETA] I warned you
not to underestimate me...
but you chose
not to listen.
[VEGETA] You're even
slower than I remember!
[DODORIA]
Arrrghh!
[VEGETA] We Saiyans
grow a little stronger
with each battle...
But you already knew
that, didn't you...?
That's why... when
I was defeated on Earth...
I became stronger than
I ever thought possible!
[VEGETA] It's impressive,
isn't it...? Just admit it!
[DODORIA]
Stop it!
[VEGETA] I've been
fighting and improving.
While you've been
getting lazy and soft.
[DODORIA]
Vegeta... Wait...!
I know something you're
really gonna wanna hear,
and if you let me go, I promise
I'll tell you all about it!
[DODORIA] It's about
your homeworld...
I know the truth
about Planet Vegeta!
[VEGETA]
You what?
What did you say...?
Planet Vegeta...?
What could you possibly
know about it...?
Start talking!
[DODORIA]
I will...!
I will, but first
you have to let me go!
[DODORIA]
Hey...
What kind of
guarantee do I have
you're not gonna take me out
as soon as I've told you, huh?
[VEGETA] I guarantee
that I will end you
if you do not talk...!
Spit it out!
[DODORIA]
Okay, calm down.
You don't have to get
all huffy about it...
Frieza told you Planet
Vegeta had been destroyed...
and that's true... but his
story about it being crushed
by a meteor was a lie.
[VEGETA] What are
you talking about?
[DODORIA] Frieza knew
that no one Saiyan
could ever get in his
way, but a whole bunch
of them together
could cause problems.
[DODORIA]
The thing is...
he noticed more and
more Saiyan babies
being born with highly
developed combat skills.
Like you.
A group of infant
warriors might grow up
into a strong
Saiyan army someday,
and you wouldn't stay
loyal to Frieza forever.
[DODORIA]
He had a choice...
Either see what happened
when you got older,
or wipe out the only
race that would ever
be powerful enough
to oppose him...
It was a tough call...
But in the end,
I think he came to the
only logical conclusion.
[DODORIA]
Destroy them.
And to make sure the
job was done right,
Frieza did it himself.
He blew up Planet Vegeta
and every stinkin'
Saiyan on it.
[DODORIA]
But not you.
No, Frieza had
plans for you.
The prince
of the Saiyans
would make a valuable
addition to his team.
Did you really think
it was coincidence
that Frieza sent
you to another planet
before yours exploded?
Hehehehehehe...
So there it is...
You're finally in on our
little private joke...
Why don't you just
take a minute to let
that sink in while I let
Frieza know you're here?
[VEGETA] I'll be alright...
but... you won't.
[DODORIA]
Wha--?
[VEGETA] I don't care
about my home planet,
my family, or any
of the other Saiyans
Frieza did away with.
[VEGETA] I'm just
disappointed in myself
for not figuring
it out a lot sooner.
If I had known,
I never would've wasted
my life doing all
of your dirty work!
[DODORIA] Frieza!
[VEGETA] Interesting.
Even the mighty Frieza trembles
at what the Saiyans
are capable of.
[GOKU] Okay...
Here we go...
I've gotta beat
this 20-times gravity
or I won't have a
chance on Namek.
[GOKU] I don't have
any time to waste!
[NARRATOR] Goku is
ready for action,
and getting
stronger by the minute...
but across the galaxy,
Vegeta is training, too...
and the day they meet in
combat is fast approaching...
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey, it's Goku!
I've got five and a half
days 'til I get to Namek,
and I've still got
to get a lot stronger!
[KRILLIN] Well,
step on it, okay?
Vegeta's here, too!
[GOHAN] He's trying
to find the Dragon Balls
before Frieza does, but
Frieza already has five!
That means there
are only two left!
[KRILLIN]
I sense him...
He's attacking
another village!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Vegeta's Covert Manuevers!
A Tragic Assault
on the Namekians!"
[GOHAN] I hope you
get here soon, Dad!
I made a friend
I want you to meet!